[DOCU-1922] add Kong for Kubernetes page (#40)
Kong/insomnia-docs: docs/insomnia/kong-for-kubernetes.md

---
layout: article-detail
title:  Kong for Kubernetes
category: "Work with Other Kong Products"
category-url: kong-products
---

{:.alert .alert-primary}
**Note**: This feature is currently only available on Design Documents.

Insomnia can take a Document and output a Kubernetes manifest.

> Once you have added your endpoints, click on the arrow next to your Document name. In the dropdown menu, click **Kong for Kubernetes**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have added your OpenAPI spec, click on the arrow next to your Document name. In the dropdown menu, click **Kong for Kubernetes**.
```
